C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_final_1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_final_1-main-main-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (8)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main (2)/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (9)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_main-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
d:/pizzashop_final/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (11)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_mvc1-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (12)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_mvc_--master/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
d:/PizzaShop/PizzaShop/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
d:/pizzashopFinal/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
D:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
d:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
D:/pizzashop_main/pizzashopFinal/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (3)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/Select.Html.dep
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/Select.Html.dep
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (1)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/Select.Html.dep
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main (4)/pizzashop_mvc_final-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/Select.Html.dep
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_mvc_final-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/Select.Html.dep
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashopFinal-main (7)/pizzashopFinal-main/pizzashop_mvc/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/Select.Html.dep
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
c:/Users/pci135/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_mvc-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/Select.Html.dep
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CopyComplete
C:/Users/kotad/Downloads/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_mvc-main-main/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/Select.Html.dep
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.deps.json
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.dll
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/bin/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Repository.pdb
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.AssemblyInfo.cs
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.sourcelink.json
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzasho.8D66788A.Up2Date
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.dll
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/refint/pizzashop_Services.dll
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/pizzashop_Services.pdb
/workspaces/pizzashop/pizzashop_Services/obj/Debug/net7.0/ref/pizzashop_Services.dll
